Making the QoS section a bit less technical (#749)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Include-QOS-Windows.md

# Quality of Service (QoS)

> Jamulus uses DSCP/CS4 to opportunistically deal with buffer bloat. Setting the DS field byte to 128 (or 0x80) in a IPv4 or IPv6 packet header selects DSCP/CS4. Other byte values can be set using the -Q option, e.g. -Q [0..255] (where 0 cripples QoS). If you want to explore the effect of non-default settings, see RFC4594. However, most people will have no need to do this.

Reviewer: I'd link DSCP/CS4 to a page describing it (i.e Wikipedia). Something not technical to allow users to decide what they do. Same with Buffer bloat. I think a site is already linked somewhere else.

Author: Links will eventually get broken. I think sincere users will easily find the information by searching the internet.
Note that "most people will have no need to do this" because Jamulus sets a good default value that the operating system should honor.

Reviewer: Why do you think links will get broken? Wikipedia should be reliable for example and our link checker should show us that something broke.

Author: I'm not opposed to adding links, but I decided to mention this because there are many websites nowadays that have so many keywords linked to definitions etc. that it can actually be inconvenient. Feel free to add whatever you like because I won't get in the way.
Linking to anything that is not part of Jamulus documentation will require constant maintenance because it is not under your control. It will also be a mess to package or be moved elsewhere.

Author: I simplified the wording by not mentioning buffer bloat and added a link for further information. See new changes to wiki/en/Include-QOS-Windows.md above. You can resolve the conversation if this is acceptable.

## Use of QoS on Windows

> Jamulus' QoS settings (including the default) are set to 0 on recent Windows and Apple because of the operating system. To use QoS on Windows, follow these instructions. Note that you may need to repeat this procedure every time Jamulus is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jamulus' QoS settings (including the default) are set to 0 on recent Windows and macOS because of the operating system. To use QoS on Windows, follow these instructions. Note that you may need to repeat this procedure every time Jamulus is updated.
```
Is macOS now also un-changable? Why did you add it here?

Author: Darwin and later kernels were changed to operate in an undocumented? macOS manner.
https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions/1988#discussion-3551297

Windows did something similar, but left just enough for a workaround.

# Quality of Service (QoS)

> Jamulus uses the DSCP/CS4 quality of service to mitigate network jitter delays. Setting the DS field byte to 128 (or 0x80) in an IPv4 or IPv6 packet header selects DSCP/CS4. Other byte values can be set using the -Q option, e.g. -Q [0..255]. If you want to explore the effect of non-default settings, see [RFC4594](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4594) page 18. However, most people will have no need to do this.

Reviewer 2: > Jamulus uses _the_ DSCP/CS4 quality of service to mitigate network jitter delays.

"the" is syntactically incorrect here.  "DSCP/CS4 quality of service" isn't a thing, it's a concept.

```suggestion
Jamulus uses Quality of Service (QoS) to mitigate network jitter delays.

If you want to explore the effect of non-default settings, see [RFC4594](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4594) page 18.  Jamulus sets the DS field byte to 128 (or 0x80) to select DSCP/CS4 in an IPv4 or IPv6 packet header. Other byte values can be set using the -Q option, e.g. -Q [0..255].  However, most people will have no need to do this.
```
